fan-favorite black panther is finally
coming to the big screen and we've got
new details and how he fits in to the
larger Marvel Cinematic Universe today's
episode of clever newsfeed is brought to
you by the new John Green movie Paper
Towns in theaters July 24th with Captain
America Civil War arriving in theaters
in less than a year Marvel's Kevin Feige
announces new details on Black Panthers
role in an interview with birth movies
death Spidey revealed that civil war
will find chadwick boseman to chala the
Prince of Wakanda in the early stages of
taking on the mantle of becoming black
panther now that his father is getting
too old for those unfamiliar with the
character Black Panther is a superhero
who protects the people and nation of
the fictional African nation of Wakanda
it is a responsibility that has been
passed down through the generations of
Wakanda monarchs Wakanda is a
technologically advanced nation that has
mostly kept to itself and is the one
place on earth that vibranium the
practically impenetrable metal that
Captain America's shield is made out of
and was part of Ultron's nefarious plot
in the summers Avenger sequel's comes
from faggy explain that the events of
age of Ultron will play a significant
role in two challahs introduction saying
quote today pre Civil War post Ultron I
think he and his father are saying a
bunch of vibranium just got out of here
and wreaked a lot of havoc maybe we
can't stay behind these borders anymore
maybe we have to stick our heads out and
make at least an attempt to be a part of
the rest of the world right now while at
the same time protecting our people
that's sort of where we meet him in
civil war as for why they chose to
introduce Black Panther in Captain
America 3 instead of the plan 2018 solo
movie by he explained that they needed a
third party with fresh eyes that didn't
already have a connection to the
Avengers and had a very different
viewpoint than Tony Stark or Steve
Rogers they felt like they needed
someone like Black Panther so why not
introduce him now
from what Baggies saying and how the
character was introduced during last
year's big Marvel fan event we can
expect Black Panther to play a major
role in Captain America Civil War when
it arrived in theaters on May 6 and to
find out what 7 things we think need to
happen in the movie go ahead and click
right here but first what do you think
of Black Panthers introduction into the
Marvel Cinematic Universe and whose side
do you think he'll be on Iron Man or
Captain America head down to the
comments or tweet us at clever movies
and let us know what you're thinking I'm
your host Daniel Rowe BAE thanks so much
for watching and we'll see you soon with
more movie news
right here on clever newsfeed click
laughs to find out where Black Panther
and Civil War landed on our list of the
most anticipated Marvel movies or click
right to find out what other movies you
can look forward to next year with our
2016 summer movie preview and before you
go click here to check out the trailer
for Paper Towns with our girl Cara
Delevingne and don't forget to get your
tickets when it hit theaters July 24